Update the AUTHORSHIP and Maintainers' Guides to reflect co-author contributions (#3904)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: AUTHORSHIP.md

2. [ORCID](https://orcid.org) (optional)
3. Affiliation (if omitted, we will use "Unaffiliated")

The order of authors will be defined by the number of contributions (including commits
and PR reviews) to the repository
(`git shortlog -sne --group=author --group=trailer:co-authored-by`).

> The order can also be changed on a case-by-case basis. The most common reasons for
> case-by-case changes are contributions to the PyGMT project that due not relate to
> commit numbers, including developing PyGMT lessons such as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order can also be changed on a case-by-case basis. The most common reasons for
case-by-case changes are contributions to the PyGMT project that do not relate to
commit numbers, including developing PyGMT lessons such as the
```

> [ROSES unit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSIGJEe0BIk), organizing workshops/sprints
> such as the [FOSS4G Workshop](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/foss4g2019oceania),
> the 2020 and 2021 SciPy sprints, writing grants/proposals to support PyGMT, and team

Reviewer 2: Could maybe update this list a little bit to add the latest workshop?

```suggestion
[ROSES unit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSIGJEe0BIk), organizing workshops/sprints
such as the [AGU24 Workshop](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/agu24workshop) or
2020 and 2021 SciPy sprints, writing grants/proposals to support PyGMT, and team
```

   on the paper (even if it's just an "OK", but preferably more).

The order of authors will be defined by the number of commits made since the previous
major release that has an associated paper

> (`git shortlog vX.Y.Z..HEAD -sne --group=author --group=trailer:co-authored-by`).

Author: Please note that we inconsistently used `git shortlog vX.0.0...HEAD -sne` and `git shortlog HEAD...v0.4.0 -sne` in the old versions. 

In the new version, I've changed them to `git shortlog vX.Y.Z..HEAD` (*tag* before HEAD vs HEAD before *tag*, `..` vs `...`). Their differences are summaried below (from ChatGPT):
| Command                        | Meaning                                                                 | Use Case                            |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| `git shortlog v0.14.0..HEAD`   | Commits in `HEAD` but **not in `v0.14.0`**                              | ✅ Changes **since** the tag         |
| `git shortlog HEAD..v0.14.0`   | Commits in `v0.14.0` but **not in `HEAD`**                              | 🔄 Unusual — usually empty if `HEAD` is ahead |
| `git shortlog v0.14.0...HEAD` | Commits in `v0.14.0` or `HEAD`, **but not both** (symmetric difference) | 🔍 Compare diverged histories         |
| `git shortlog HEAD...v0.14.0` | Same as above — order **doesn’t matter**                                | 🔍 Same as above                     |

The three-dot version doens't work well for patch releases like `v0.14.1`/`v0.14.2`.

Reviewer: Uhh, did not realize so far, that there are two and a three dot versions 😅.
